[Music]
[Music
]
[Music]
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause ... family
Good evening, let's see I'm coming a
little bit from the other side  I'm
telling you the truth, not to be cross,
but I'm coming a little touchy in a little
touchy between that I do
n't know the truth is that
I've done bad, a little yellow, I
'm getting, I feel like I'm going to
get sick Soon I
feel like I'm going to get sick I've had
something, I've had
something and I'm going to have this
warm glass of milk this
warm cup of milk
if I get better
I'll hold on longer and if not I'll hold on less
okay I'd like to hold on for recording and
notti It's that
today something happened
today something happened that killed me man let's see and it's
also been talked about because it
happened to me while I was on telesals live let's
see I was doing a live show today
I say to entertain ourselves so that
the journey is more pleasant we go
live Lorena
and we're chatting with the people from
telesalseo and there was a moment let's
see if it's recorded it's that it doesn't make
sense really,
every day there's a headline from
Cacho still
Chari How are you sweetheart Are you here
too
[Music]
money from outside objectively well no  Let's
see, I
wasn't clear
at what moment, I think it was around here,
the coverage hasn't gone away, look, look, do
you see this traffic sign, do you notice
something about this traffic sign?
Look, do you
notice something about this traffic sign? Do you
notice this traffic sign?
Well, it's a highway in Portugal, it
came from Madrid, man, I mean, literally, you do
n't have to go through Portugal at
all.
The gas station.
Look at the moment,
Javi, you have to upload that click to
Twitter. No, I'm not going to look for the moment.
Wait,
television. I have to look for the moment when I
realize, okay.
Here I
am calm. Here I am calm. Okay, I
mean, if you see here I am calm. On my
bad profile, eh, it makes me really angry.
I record myself from this profile. I don't like
this profile very much.
And the last two editions. It does
n't call me anymore.
But anyway, I don't watch TV.
[Music] The
blacksmith's house, wooden spoon. No, I do
n't feel like watching TV
when I'm taking a break from work, I do
n't feel like watching TV. I have to
find wide moments, okay. If I
had gotten hooked, but you're going, it's not that it did
n't give me anything. I'm looking at the
things that you talk about so I can deal with them and
see how.  That's what happened to me, man, following
[Music]
because I'm terrified of bugs, I'm having a
really bad time
here, my face is changing a little,
no, I
mean, here it's not, I'm not
tasting it a little,
look, look at the sign. Look, I don't know if you see
the sign behind here, look, look at
the sign. Look, do you see
the sign in Portuguese? Spain. Do you
see the sign going the
wrong way? Spain?
Look at my face, Spain. I
mean, the sign is showing you the
way to Spain the wrong way.
Something has changed inside me now. Honey, I
have to tell you something very strong,
very, very strong. It's joking around here, okay.
No, it's not a joke, it's a serious matter.
[Music]
Look, look, look at the sign. Look, look at the sign. Look, look at the sign
behind you, look [Music]
look at the sign, okay, Spain going the
wrong way.
And you haven't noticed yet. [
Music]
We want to make a mistake, we're in
Portugal. Come on. Look at the signs, no, no, no, what
else. Look, come on, I'm
seeing the signs in Portuguese and where we are, well, we
're not, we're in
Portuguese, we've gotten ourselves into.
Come on, look, come on.  but it's not that I'm
showing you the way to Portugal no no no it
's that we're in Portugal look but if it
said Cáceres
one thing it leads to another and look we
're in Portugal let's
put the map
if you want through the phone book what
happened to you is that in Mérida you went
to Badajoz instead of Seville
when I bought the support, I mean we were
an hour away we
were in Extremadura we're
pregnant I think but I stopped he
told me to go to a gas station to buy a
phone support because no we
couldn't go direct the floor was falling down
and everything and there I deviated there I
deviated and it was raining the roundabout
and I was always seeing Cáceres go back
home go back home go back
But in the end I do
n't know how all of a sudden I
started seeing the signs in Portuguese
and I say no no it's that I'm not in Spain doing
construction Look at the construction sign in
Portuguese we are in Portuguese we are
in Portugal
how the [ __ ] from Madrid to Seville
How the [ __ ] does Madrid fit Seville in
Lisbon man
one thing it took us a
few days
a kiss I
don't know if I'm going to be able to go direct man
Gabriel Lazo Thank you very much for those
five members I don't know if I'm going to be able to handle
the live show man I'm voiceless I'm
voiceless
Portugal and there I'm already losing
coverage because the company
Claro changes change of country
[Music]
the throat has died it was
already doing more or less
I was following the path down it goes
down
and when I realized they started
to come out
to play I think I should put a map on the
GPS
put it a little at least I mean it's
not to say that they are
giving you the directions what
I don't know is how I haven't gotten
any toll
listen to me here the tax system is
powerful here it's always
going to change no there the live show has been cut off for a
while because when you change
countries you are left without coverage for a while
until you get the message from
Movistar and
wow and okay
Spain come on mother of God
time to get to Seville and now we
have to I'm
dead eh I mean I came tired I came
very tired and now with this I'm dead the
truth is I'm
dead
well let's see let's comment on how far I can
go I don't know how far I can go
because I'm a little
touched I'm noticing like I'm
going to get a little sick
Javier  that I use the GPS
But the thing is that I go from Madrid to Seville,
you see, I do it many times, I
mean, I go to Madrid many times I mean, it's
nothing either
Pin and bread Pin and bread you know, I do
n't know I mean, I can't even tell you What is
the route that I have taken, I do
n't even know what I have done I mean, what I
know is that suddenly they were
seeing the construction signs in Portuguese, I
mean, we were literally
inside
Now yes, temamache Javi well it was by
accident okay Lali
Lali
Lali has exploded
Lali is trilling on her Instagram stories
Happy birthday to the best friend in the world We
will continue talking with our eyes all our
lives I love you madly and well, she's going on a
trip Lali is going on a trip with us
Diego, how are you, how have you been?
How many hours is it? Well, it's almost 5 hours
from Madrid to Seville and Seville Madrid,
almost 5 hours.
Well, here they already told us, your
honor, I'm not going to start
telling you again what I spent in Madrid again on a
quick trip to go to El Hormiguero,
okay, I was in El Hormiguero last
night, last
night  I was at El
Hormiguero I had a great time very
funny
via bibifal I signed an album okay
on tele salseo I've told it okay I'm not
going to tell it all again
where is it going
why didn't you commit suicide kill yourself
disgusting Omega Thank you very much what a
face of just raped disgusting disgusting
I hope they rape your grandfather
kill yourself already manipulative disgusting my goodness it
has a curious community
eh We have already lived it and we have already
dealt with it on many occasions [ __ ]
unfaithful [ __ ] how [ __ ] disgusting you are
now they are going to rape you [ __ ]
[ __ ] I hope you end up dead kick
yourself kill yourself you [ __ ] let's
see if they really rape you So you can
see what a woman feels man you
[ __ ] Die and
this is what I have to
face Day after day because of the lies
of a born manipulator
a kiss
Gabriel act it has not been no
thousands and thousands of messages like the ones you
have seen every day on any
social network whatever I upload you can
continue if  you want it's not your fault to have
been deceived and to have so little
life I already said that I would answer when
everything was ready until then I'm going to
continue with my life a kiss and much love
for everyone
and me but people why do they take
things from the internet that are not theirs
like that or I mean because in the end in the
end what I tell you I mean in the end it's
a story and internet gossip and we
see it we have an opinion we are against
one against the other whatever no
but to start writing the character like that
or I mean to start writing the character
So it's that you're crazy but Ricky
has that it's very much about having that community
Enrique has that community We were
seeing it with Laia with
Akuma We were seeing it do you
remember when Kuma when he had the
thing with Akuma We were seeing the
truth we have already discussed this subject
a kiss El Bananero
but it's like uncle my goodness my goodness
you keep [ __ ] with the [ __ ] Moor
you are an unfaithful [ __ ]
my goodness
for more than there are many users I mean it
's not like one there who is putting the
same that is no no there are not many users there
are many users the people
go too far no no no
but apart from that let's see it's
gossip yes you can have your opinion of course
and we're going to continue talking about the subject and we're
going to deal with all the things that come
out
but people are that neither put
a message nor the other or I mean at what
point at what point do you as an
anonymous person at what point do you as Random
start writing to the characters to
take
the liberty
of putting these on them it doesn't
really make sense Or do the kids Are they
idiots what for is it that no there's no
other way to write it the truth is
people like to suffer
other people's fevers it's that in the end it has nothing to
do with it it's not a personal matter of yours it's an
issue of two youtubers and you from your house
well you can be watching it and you can have your
opinion no you are with your partner watching you
know what I'm telling you liar I don't know
how much but from there to start writing that
and not writing that but to write that
once to write it again the
next day upload another story  the girl
and you write it again
and I'll tell you, I mean, I think Lali
has it very complicated, she is
completely convinced that she is going to
dismantle Ricky's story. I see that she
has it very complicated, but well, we
will of course hear Lali's version
too
because she is making physical changes,
will it be to go unnoticed, well, let's
see, to pass the know, yes, life, no, let's see,
in the end, I think it's like, I do
n't know, this is a little bit of all
people, not the issue of changing your
haircut, let's see, I also don't think it's a
physical change that you don't know that is
recognizable, this is a freckle filter,
but Well, there
is always a little bit of change,
always when you have a big change
in your life Maybe suddenly you
feel like buying new clothes, not changing
a little, I don't know, it's like a new stage, let's
see how many lies we come up with. Lali
Yes, of course, yes, yes, that's what I think,
no. I mean, yes, I think that I
think that I limited it and all that stuff,
but from there to you going and describing
those things to a person on the internet who
is a character And you know, it does
n't look like Abi, man, the  the truth is that
no
the truth is that not
physically at least I think he doesn't
look very victim well Dart
but I don't know or rather I understand Maybe
when it's for something good that you
are a fan of someone imagine you are a fan
of a singer you are a fan of a youtuber and you
send him a nice message of support
but because you are seeing a gossip of
two characters of two youtubers and you
take it as if it were yours there to crush I
don't know the truth I don't see it the truth
pathetic It is that in fact it is pathetic
in fact it is pathetic to be the person
who is writing those things
but well
guys coscu has started talking about his
controversies again
I think it is something I think this
This is an interview that he has given I
don't know Who is the kid that he
gave the interview to okay I don't know who
eh I don't know if you guys know who it is I
imagine it will be a streamer or someone
from Argentina but I think that when cocu has
been mentioning this so much lately it
is because like something that is very
present he is not able to clean it up And
instead of talking or rather How many  times has
coco talking about the subject without speaking
simply saying Not everything is a lie they
said they wanted to sink me not the
evening
How many times has coco spoken since
the controversy began
20 30 times calmly I
mean if you have a way and some
arguments and some evidence or whatever you
have no it doesn't turn you on I mean you
can lie everything no right away you don't
get on the first day and make a video
well Looking at the camera Look Pin Pin
or you never talk like there is a Gameplay
no
or you never talk
surprised with the people who defend
Ricky they forget that he Knowing everything he
went out to blame one he should have and the other for
mistreating them they are the same
Ricky but I think that Ricky's thing is
because he doesn't assume or rather I think
places have taken away coco's video man
I'll do it he's taken
away coco's video
you put it on private I'll say
hello here listen to me I'll
do it it's over here King I'll save him My
heart is broken I'll
do it Call places
what was I saying that Ricky thing I
think it's his own ego I mean so much
now it's his own  ego now when he has
the whole lie caught out, putting all
the blame on her but at the time, well,
not admitting that he had been cheated, he
participated in the lie,
no more, okay, let's
see, we have it We already have it, we don't have it We already have it, we have it, we have it, we have it, we have it, we are
rats Come on, we
started strong,
that's the reality Amazon and Twitch are
rats it's not a matter of Argentina they
will come to you with the [ __ ] that it's Argentina but they
all love each other
you know that the Spanish
don't tell you that but the Spanish
are all negotiating with Kiki that's
the reality Why Because everyone
knows that they could charge a lot more money
and that if you're on a diet
giving an idiot and charging $1,500 dollars they
are screwing you one can think eh but
that's a lot of money I know it's
a lot of money but to me
when I was on mixer there they
told me coco I went back to Twitch and for doing the
same thing I always did we're going to
give you $50,000 a year per month 50 thousand
dollars a month from El Twitch and
after that I remember  patent having
the same meeting and they told me Okay, we'll
give you the 50 thousand dollars but you have to
do literally ten times the
numbers you did.
I thought I could, I started to kill myself, I
started to stress out, my hair was falling out and
why do I have to do 10 times what you
did and I still do
50,000 bucks a month they
paid him
living in Argentina
50 thousand dollars a month I have
never seen that in my bank account
in my life they
are not American dollars says Teresa
But why of
course then I do
n't know there for any streamer I know they
are not valuing it as they should
surely Argentine pesos let's see
Argentine pesos
Argentine pesos would be 136 euros
are dollars it refers to dollars
50 thousand Argentine pesos are 136 euros
that is not in other words
50,000 bucks a month
are dollars
I had the other one but well did you regret
something
in general I do not regret the things I
do I feel that they happen for a reason I believe
in that hand what happens to you makes you better I
regret
something  The first thing that comes to mind
jokingly is I
regret not having been able to
definitively knock out Germán my friend
you gave him a hard time Yeah but there was one hit missing
that I can't think of anything dude that's what
occurred to me they stopped me and what was missing was him
falling again this fight goes beyond
something between two people this fight has a
message and the message I feel like it would have been
a kiss fried arepas a kiss
Thank you very much much more emblematic and
significant for me for my life for
my family for my people yes or the fight
ends when he fell in the first fall
or that it ends later with a fall because of
the message because of the movie that I
made of my life
that kid is that he still believes
well I don't believe it I mean he really doesn't
believe it he wants to sell it like that but he doesn't
believe it I mean the movie of my life the
message I
mean the fight was beyond
Germán because he continues He continues selling
that by winning the fight he has denied everything
that is said about him I
mean he continues selling it like that he
continues selling it so
the fight was beyond a fight
with Germán that was  a message
What does he say, man,
that the fight is a fight between you and
German, whoever fights and whoever wins the blow,
come on, boom, it's worth 1 K or you win the fight.
But that has nothing to do with what is being
talked about or with what it is that he
keeps selling it like
winning the fight, then he won, he
denied everything by winning the fight, María
del Carmen a kiss
Yes, yes, he has been selling it like that since the
day of the evening,
since he won the evening Now that now that he
takes the piss and it's like, but what does it have to
do with you winning the fight? I
mean, what does
this have to do with it? It's exactly the same as when you
're criticizing someone
or something happens to you with someone and the guy
wants to hit you
or threatens to hit you and you know, there's no
argument and well, let's see what the
hell he had to do.
It's simply that it's something that I feel like it would have
ended more like a
movie, you understand, it would have ended like
a movie, trusting and being very naive with
people, Pumba
Pumba
Pumba, my career, I can't help but
see how life is going to hit you, it's going to
hit you, it's going to hit you. But you're going to get
up more.  strong and you're going to screw up
Palo let's see I regret many things I
think But one of the things that I
regret the most day by day is having been so
good to people who didn't deserve it having been
so kind so supportive
not having understood the world and one
Learns from the mistakes that one makes when
the world is very son of a [ __ ] with him but
maybe If I had realized before
Juanka way well and many more Eh yes yes it
's true Juanca I remember that at the
beginning when I criticized him he threatened me
too yes But there has been more
Yes yes Juan almost Juanca told me that she was going to
take a bus to Seville you remember that it
would have saved me several wounds and
several scars that I have let's see and I'm
not going to come here either or you're going to
come here and you're going to say I'm good
believe me that is proven throughout
life in controversies Because the
questions are so controversial so I'm going to
counterattack I'm sure that everything
that is happening life will give it
back to you and you're going to make friends and literally
three months ago you had the whole
world  against and now you have the
whole world back In favor, meaning
that everything that's happening to you Meaning the
coscu in the victim
and that everything that's happening to the
boy life is going to give it back to him
that refers to you I think it's
more about the singers I do
n't even think I'll touch it encouragement a lot so much
on your side Prime Goku Prime Goku
Prime the reactions you have
that power again that wand you took out you
connect curse yourself from Prime heal that you
're at your best mom you had the whole
world against you and now everyone is
right I want the one that goes that coscu Prime that Prime Prime Prime Prime Prime
and I
notice you happy dude
instantly I understand things about my
life From that and I achieved I achieved something
that was an obstacle for me from
that
and something stronger than everything tells me I
deserved it it was like what happened with Messi but with
more deservedness I won an
international boxing fight dude And if you
want to discredit it all you
want but the message for me the
transmission
doesn't matter it doesn't matter nobody
takes away my medals and  medals are at
the worst moment of your career
six months of preparation you went to do
something that you have no idea how to do that they
dropped all the sponsors
[Music] they
dropped all the sponsors they
dropped all the sponsors It is logical that
the evening was for, I mean,
I don't know how the evening was going and it wasn't
left without a sponsor completely eh I
told you I mean it was serious like that it
was serious like that adversities
lift up a crown that wasn't even that
big and you made it bigger because of your
history and because of everything that happened and if you
put on a crown that literally no
one will ever take off in your life I
think that he lifted a crown that
literally no one will ever take off
in your life
this guy really I mean
with all due respect but this guy believes
these things that he says
or is it the way or is it a fantasy
that it's very good that you win the evening you
are competing in something and that they win it
no you play and try to win but this thing
of lifting a crown that I don't know what
like
what it has to  see Hi Javi I just
became a member Thanks for the laughing faces
kissy thanks a lot That's the cousin
friend
of going out to talk about all the problems
I think I've been on my Prime since I
won the fight I returned home well I looked
my family in the face and told them I did it I
think the most valuable thing is the viewers
are precisely those who
denounced me 10 million
voice things they said this the other they formed you
here eh they
invented 10 million voice things
where the fan of the other is the fandom from
here they said this the other to never
stopped supporting you and they never stopped
being in your streams
literally literally those are friends they never
doubted what you were and they were
totally convinced that everything they
were saying were lies and that and
to death I feel that I also kept
this is incredible I
mean this is incredible because I know that
what you said no you didn't do by
number or by or because you did it
because you got tired friend because that's it
everything they're saying is a lie I
mean everything they're saying is
lie is false
I'll put up with it now I don't care
if you go out to clear up a stirrup in
a tube wherever it is something that happens to you
with me I care that if you have
a problem with me you tell me because
we are going to see each other at an event because
eventually we are going to do things together
because then call me when you
need me and ask me for something
and the worst of all It's not that they don't send you
the message and you do
n't receive an answer they send you the message they tell you everything they want to tell you but they don't read the answer and they don't care about your answer tell them about things together at the first change they leave He insults you because on top of that he insults you look he talks to you more and don't turn your back at a
time when you only want to
talk I didn't tell him Hey Maria
you caused this
a kiss Carmen
I don't know how much more and Valle is going to wait
to leave
But it's that I hallucinate of things like
Javi we are your friends in Plin and for [ __ ] don't even
come near me I don't understand how or rather
but it's that he is telling you and he is
believing what he is saying
Or  so be it that he really says everything is a
lie But what is a lie the
live shows are lies
the live show is a lie the photo is a lie
what is a lie
explain it what is a lie what is a
lie no no what is a lie That's it
because he said go ahead
and besides it's a lie because I won the
fight it
doesn't make any sense and he's
telling you completely convinced and
the other one the same eh you
are at your best please
throw me a cross I didn't tell him that at least
the stupid dialogue you understand that you're not going to
see me at the end of the evening Oh no
give me a hug as if nothing happened later
we send a message and let's talk about it And let's
clear up this [ __ ] that creates a
misunderstanding because I was left feeling bad it can't
take you 5 minutes to talk about something like that
the bad way of attributing it to
something sexist when it wasn't something
sexist and you have to be the typical one and
Well but yes it is the technique we have to
change they get together and the three of them come out and
say that I am sexist
to my face What a shame you didn't want to
talk before because this pot exploded
but it didn't have to explode it exploded
consequently but I would have loved to
talk before it happens that before it's worthless
and when you talk and you go back to your [ __ ] Prime
there you are worth less again María all
section contact me to fix
things because they know that it is
convenient to fix things and that there be
Peace even if it is pretended Then there is the
best but unfortunately what happened to María
was one of the worst things that happened
to my resume
Because after that Unfortunately
I am a sexist
you feel that the last question and we
leave you are doing
more and that people woke up raise your
head you stand up against an
injustice and whatever it was and
people are going to think or come back I never
left but they touch my ass and I'm going to
incredible man incredible
incredible
guys I have to go I have to go I do
n't feel well I
feel bad man I feel bad I would
like to hold on to I would
like to hold on to
[Music]
record a newscast that I think there are
true places
but it's that it's not going to give me to see it I'm going
to try I don't know I'm leaving guys a
kiss see you tomorrow forgive me okay
that cuts like this
but it's that I don't feel well it's that I do
n't feel well I'm going to bed
I'm even I
think the news will record it tomorrow
morning guys a kiss a
huge kiss Okay See you tomorrow
[Music]